Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to talk about tabs.
Now, what we are going to do in this lecture is we're going to have four tabs over here, which is
going to serve as the category.
That is the main categories, the women categories, the kids categories and the shoes categories.
Okay, nine, let's do this.
We have to go back to our basic code and then the home screen and what we can do, we can use control
and B to make this wide.
And in order to use tabs, we are going to wrap this covered with something known as default tab controllers.
So we have to highlight and use control wrap with widgets and it is called default tab controller.
Okay.
And now we have to specify how many tabs we need to do that.
The default tab controller has a property known as length.
And for the now we can go with for.
Okay.
And now within the harbor, the harbor has a property known as Bertram.
The key for the property is going to be something known as Tab Bar and this can take multiple tabs.
So it adds this tabs property.
Okay.
And now the first is going to be it is going to say tabs.
And this tab has the child property, which is going to be a test widget.
And this is going to say men.
Then we can then copy these tops.
Intense.
Tennessee writes, We can just break this to the nurse line if we should save.
Now, we are going to have an error because we said we want TV tabs, we want four tabs, and currently
we just have one.
Okay, so now we have to.
Sorry, not there, but over here.
Hydrogen newcomer and paste.
Look how they're trying to out and pins this.
It should be a.
I'm just going to look after it here.
Okay.
I use controller and save.
And currently we have just two tabs.
Had.
You train and use control and say, okay, now we have three tabs.
You can see it is expecting.
See.
Can we?
It is expecting four tops and currently we have just three.
So we have to have the chilled cover and paste this use control and has to save and this area is going
to be gone and default.
This test is going to take the colour of whites and that is why we are unable to see this.
So what we have to do is to add a start to this test tie.
And over a year we definitely need to turn the corner.
And for the color we can see colors, dark, gray, and probably with my heart, its heart.
Some shade of 600.
Okay.
What we can just do is we can copy this.
Copy this from this Thai.
It is over a year.
Had your trainer coma and his this.
Had your career and PCs had your career and paced this and use control and that's a safe and definitely
you're going to see it now.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Right.
And now we have to change the top name like it is.
It's going to be man.
And this is going to be.
Blue.
Men, all men, women and.
This is going to be for maybe the kids categories.
And this is going to be for the shoes categories.
Okay.
Go check it out.
You can see 911 in the next lecture, we're going to have content for each categories.
So whenever we go to when we go to, when we navigate to the main, we are going to have a test over
here which is going to say men.
And when we navigate to the women, we are going to have the test and so hard.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next day.